docs: Add a security policy (#168)
Quantco/pixi-pack: SECURITY.md

# Reporting Security Issues

We take security bugs in our projects seriously. We appreciate your efforts to responsibly disclose your findings, and will make every effort to acknowledge your contributions.

> To report a security issue, please use the GitHub Security Advisory ["Report a Vulnerability"](https://github.com/Quantco/<project>/security/advisories/new) tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a security issue, please use the GitHub Security Advisory ["Report a Vulnerability"](https://github.com/Quantco/pixi-pack/security/advisories/new) tab.
```
